c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.dll
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.pdb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.xap
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\TheProjectTrial1Lib.dll
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\TheProjectTrial1Lib.pdb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.g.resources
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.dll
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\TheProjectTrial1.pdb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\lefthand.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\righthand.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\rock1.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\stage2.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\paper.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\scissors.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\lefthandpaper.xnb
c:\users\tarun_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\TheProjectTrial1\Bin\Debug\Content\lefthandscissors.xnb
